Ay girl are you in ya forties?  Cuz you look old enough forties nutz to fit in ya mouth~
Hey girl, are you a fish?  Because I'm gonna keep throwing out lines until you bite
Hey girl, i crapped my bed yesterday...  Could i sleep in yours?
Damn, are you wearing intergalactic pants?  Because that ass is out of this world!
Hey girl, tell me something I don't know about you...  Like your phone number
Add me to your naval forces because I'm the best sub in the country.
Call me Joost van Dyk because this Dutchman is gonna colonize your Virgin Islands.
Are you a banana?  Because you're quite A-Peeling
Hey baby, are you Polish?  Because I can prepare a nice sausage.
Are you hungry?  I can make you a sandwich, I'm packing meat if you got the buns.
Hey girl how hot is your boyfriend?
Call me cake... because I'll go straight to your ass.
You'd make a good trophy wife...  Not first place but, like, maybe a participation trophy.
Are you a like button?   Cuz I'd smash
If you were a fruit, you'd be a fine-apple
Hey you dropped something! Oh it was just your standards... I'm Kanel, nice to meet you
Hey there, you look a little pale...   Looks like you could use some of my Vitamin D
Hey girl are you a parked car?  Because I'd have to be drunk as fuck to hit that.
We're gonna have to go to a funeral later because my balls are gonna drop dead in your mouth 
You look like trash, lemme take you out
Hey girl, are you a potato?   Cuz I wanna get you baked then slather butter and sour cream all over you.
Hey girl, I heard you're having a barbecue...  Let me slap my meat on your grill
Hey girl, are you Indian?  because here is my credit card information.
You look like the kind of girl I'd let ruin my life
Hey girl are you a whale?  Cause we can humpback at my place.
Hey baby are you a raccoon?  Because I'm trash, but I still think you'd dig me.
Hey girl, do you sing?  Because you look kara-okay
I've got 1 thing, 2 say, 3 words, 4 you...   I'd fuck you.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9...  Whoops it seems I dropped my 10, where do I pick you up at?
Hey girl, when I'm done with you there will only be seven planets...  'cuz I'mma destroy Uranus.
A B C D E F G  I can gave you HIV.
ey gurl, do you have an ugly boyfriend? no? want one?
Damn girl, is that ass an encryption?  Cause I would love to bruteforce it.
Hey girl, are you a suicide note?  Because I'm leaving you.
Hey girl, you can call me flex seal...  because i can fill all your cracks and holes.
Hey girl, do you like pokemon? Because if you play with me you might catch something.
As long as I've got a face, you've got a place to sit.
Hey girl, are you the sky on the 4th of July?   Because I want this firework to burst all over you.
You wanna see something huge?  here's my student loan bills
Time to make a choice: You can go fuck me, or you can go fuck yourself. Which do you choose?
Hey Claire! Can I give you this D? Cuz I'd like to deClaire you mine ;)
Hey girl, are you a spy?  Because I think you would perform well undercovers.
Hey girl, are you a piece of trash?  Because as someone who cares deeply about the environment I feel obligated to pick you up.
I just got back from my nightly hospital visit working on my penis transplant  You're invited to be the next woman I plant it in
Hey girl, are you a communist?  Because I feel an uprising in my lower class.
Hey girl, are you a communist?  Because we can seize the means of reproduction.
Hey girl, are you a stray dog?  Cuz you look like you need a good pound.
Hey girl, are you a 90 degree angle?  Cause you looking right.
Are you a bullet obstacle?  Because I want to penetrate you.
Hey girl, are you a math textbook?  because I need to learn how to multiply
Girl are you my food coming out of the microwave?  Because you're not as hot as I expected
Hey girl, are you suicide?  Because I contemplate doing you every night.
Are you pregnant?  You wanna be?
Are you Jesus?  Because i wanna nail you
Hey girl, are you a tumor?   Because you're growing on me and I think about you all the time.
Hey Babe, Do you catch Bears?  Because you're probably a trap
I like my women like I like my coffee  Nice tits
Are you afraid of snakes?   Cuz i wanna slither into your panties
Hey, is your name Dumbledore?   Because you look like a headmaster.
There's no U in Penis...But there could be a Penis in U ;)
are you looking for some money? because i wanna get you a loan
Hey girl. Are you a cigarette?  Because I wanna put that smokin' butt up to my face.
Hey girl, do you work in construction?  Cause you're erecting a structure in my pants.
I heard good things about you from your stalker
Hey girl, are you an oven?  Cuz you're warmin up my meat.
Hey girl...  Get in the bag.
Does this smell like chloroform to you?
Hey girl. Do you have short-term memory loss?   Cuz...uhh...
Hey girl, do you have Alzheimer's?   Because you forgot to give me your number
Hey girl, are you my GPA?  Because you're a solid 2, but I don't see myself doing any better.
Damn girl, are you a piggy bank?  Cause I wanna smash you and take your money
Hey girl are you a sandwich?  Cause I want a sandwich
Hey girl, Whats the difference between jam and peanut butter?  I can't peanut butter this dick in ya
Damn girl do you like to draw?  Cuz I put the D in raw.
Usually I watch anime, today I'm going to watch ani-you
I feel like a vampire right now cuz I feel like I wanna start sucking you.
Hey girl are you my parents?  Because I wish I had a healthy relationship with you
Are you a backwards NASCAR track?  Because you have all the right curves.
Hey girl, are you an iPhone 6s? Cause, in my eyes, you're a success
Hey girl, are you the US Military during the 2003 invasion of Iraq?  Because you look like you're searching for WMDeez nuts.
I can promise you three screaming orgasms a night...  But after that my voice gets tired.
Hey baby is your name Salt?  'Cuz I really want to store my meat in you.
Damn girl, that 98.6° I'm reading for your internal temperature must be in Celsius, cuz YOU HOT
Damn girl are you the will to live?  Cause I've been searching for you all my life.
Hey girl, are you severe social anxiety?  Because you're making it hard for me
Are you a tazer?  Because you're absolutely stunning
Wanna make $20 the hard way?  cuz i've got some yardwork that needs done
Girl, your bone structure gives my bone structure
Are you an illegal alien, because we should go back to your place and you can probe my ass.
Hey girl, is your name Eve?  Cuz we could be fruitful and multiply
Heard you were lookin for a STUD.  I already have the S-T-D now all I need is U.
Damn girl, are you my appendix?  Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach telling me to take you out.
Hey girl, are you heroin?  Because I wanna do you
I came here with the hope of stealing your heart, but alas!  Your bra is in the way, would you please discard it?
My mom told me I should speak to girls.
If i beat you at Rock, Paper, Scissors will you go out with me? I'm gonna go with Rock
Are you a squirrel?  Because I want to put my nut between your cheeks.
My hobbies include:  wii tennis, wii bowling, wii fucking or nah?
Won't you be a gentleman...  And push my stool in?
Hey cowboy,  You're the yee to my haw ;)
Damn girl, are you a rubik's cube ?  Because this nerd will finger you to completion in less than 2 minutes
Hi, I'm 2 hours of sleep  and I'm going to screw you for the next couple days
Hey girl, you over 18?  I have to ask, judge's orders.
I normally don't like to eat sushi  But I'd like to eat you raw.
Hey girl are you into dragons?  Cause imma be dragon my balls all up in your face
What's your favorite letter of the alphabet?  Mine is u
You must be a good waitress  ~Cus you're about to get a fat tip
Hey girl, do you like pi?   'cause you are completely irrational
I bet my mum would be proud to call you her daughter
hey girl do you have 206 bones in your body?  because I want to put mine inside you and make it 207 which is 69*3
hey girl are you made of oxygen, carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, calcium and phosphorus?   because you're a human being
Hey babe, are you a metro?   Because I'll gladly ride you when it's convenient but not when I can afford better
Hey girl are you my homework?   Cause I'm not doing u but I should be
You remind me of my sister.
Do you have any raisins?  Well, can I get a date?
Hey girl are you a hospital?  Because I'd like to discharge and leave as soon as possible.
Hey girl, are you free tonight?   Because I don't have any money
Hey girl, are you the Vietnam War? Because this was a mistake
Your body is a wonderland,  And I reeeaaally want to be Alice
My name is John... but you can call me anytime
Ay girl, are you from Tennessee?  Because I want you to sit on my face.
Hey girl, are you a painting?   Because I want to nail you hard against a wall.
Hey girl, are you a compressed file?  Because I want to unzip you.
Do you know what I really like in a girl?  My dick
I'm kinda stiff after training, can you massage my dick
Are you arthritis?...  Because you've got my knees weak
Hey girl, are you viagra?  Because you make my dick hard.
Hey girl are you vigorous exercise?  'Cause you take my breath away.
Girl, are you an archaeologist?   I have a large bone that needs examining.
Hey, are you a goldfish cracker?  Because you're a snack that smiles back
What do you and money have in common?  That I don't have either.
you like jokes?   Come be apart of my life
I may not go down in history  But I will go down on you
I'm holding a seminar on orgasms  Wanna come?
Hey girl, are you a stroke?  Because you're making me drool uncontrollably
Hey girl, are you a pancake?  Because I want to flip you over and serve you with sausage
Are you a toaster?  cause I would like to take a bath with you
Hey, are you a girl?  I like girls.
Hey are you a wifi hotspot  Because I feel a connection.
Hey girl, are you a college?  Because I would torture myself for years to get into you
Excuse me, have you sat in some sugar?  'cause you've got a sweet ass!
Hey girl, have you been good for Santa this year?  Cause I'd love to come down your chimney and empty my sack
So you like hockey?  Wanna hold my stick and take a 2 minute penalty?
If you were a booger I'd pick you.
Titanic   Sorry, bad icebreaker.
Are you Italian?  Because I want a pizza that ass.
Hey girl, I wish you were my big toe.  Cuz I would bang you on my coffee table.
Hey girl, are you a sea lion?  Cause I wanna see you lion in my bed tonight.
excuse me ma'am, are you going to eat that vagina
Ayy girl let me take your picture so I can show Santa what to bring me for Christmas
Can you take off your clothes? i've always wondered how angels hid their wings
Are you a finger? cuz i'd put a ring on ya
Be unique and different, say yes
My name is Kanel, but you can call me anything at all. just call me
If I filp a coin what are my chances of getting head? 
Excuse me, I seem to have lost my phone number, can I please borrow yours? 
Hi, the voices in my head told me to come over and talk to you. 
It's handy that I have my library card because I'm totally checking you out.
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight?
Are you French?  Cause Madamn.
Can i buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
I find the most erotic part of a woman to be the boobies
Nice legs. What time do they open?
If your right leg was Christmas and your left leg was Easter, would you let me come for dinner between the holidays?
oh whoops, oooh. i dropped my monster condom that i use for my magnum dong.